Add static analyzer info to DataSet security doc (#20045)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/dataset-datatable-dataview/security-guidance.md

* Offers built-in protections when deserializing data from untrusted sources.

For apps that use `.aspx` SOAP endpoints, consider changing those endpoints to use [WCF](/dotnet/framework/wcf/). WCF is a more fully featured replacement for `.asmx` web services. WCF endpoints [can be exposed via SOAP](../../../wcf/feature-details/how-to-expose-a-contract-to-soap-and-web-clients.md) for compatibility with existing callers.

> ## Roslyn static code analyzers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Code analyzers
```
I think we are trying to move away from the use of the term "Roslyn analyzers".

> Roslyn analyzer security rules, which run as part of compiling source code, can help find vulnerabilities in C# and Visual Basic related to this security issue. Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.FxCopAnalyzers is a NuGet package of Roslyn analyzers, distributed on [nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code analyzer security rules, which run when your source code is compiled, can help to find vulnerabilities related to this security issue in C# and Visual Basic code. Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.FxCopAnalyzers is a NuGet package of code analyzers that's distributed on [nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/).
```

> For an overview of Roslyn analyzers, see [Overview of source code analyzers](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/roslyn-analyzers-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an overview of code analyzers, see [Overview of source code analyzers](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/roslyn-analyzers-overview).
```

> The new Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.FxCopAnalyzers rules to enable are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the following Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.FxCopAnalyzers rules:

```

- [CA2352](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/ca2352): Unsafe DataSet or DataTable in serializable type can be vulnerable to remote code execution attacks
- [CA2353](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/ca2353): Unsafe DataSet or DataTable in serializable type
- [CA2354](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/ca2354): Unsafe DataSet or DataTable in deserialized object graph can be vulnerable to remote code execution attacks
- [CA2355](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/ca2355): Unsafe DataSet or DataTable type found in deserializable object graph
- [CA2356](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/ca2356): Unsafe DataSet or DataTable type in web deserializable object graph
- [CA2361](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/ca2361): Ensure autogenerated class containing DataSet.ReadXml() is not used with untrusted data
- [CA2362](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/ca2362): Unsafe DataSet or DataTable in autogenerated serializable type can be vulnerable to remote code execution attacks

> For more information on configuring rules, see [Use rule sets to group code analysis rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/using-rule-sets-to-group-code-analysis-rules).

Reviewer: Rule sets are deprecated in favor of EditorConfig files.

```suggestion
For more information about configuring rules, see [Use Use code analyzers](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/code-quality/use-roslyn-analyzers).
```

Author: Suggestion had a typo, fixed in the latest PR iteration.

> These new rules are available in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new security rules are available in the following NuGet packages:

```
